Wang Xun, do you know that it was planted by this princess herself?
You who are going to make wine for your father, pour it out
You picked it all for me
Somebody sit down and cut him
Princess I
I want to make these flowers into perfume for you
I really didn't mean to.
perfume
What is that thing?
That is.
Extract the essence of the flower with special techniques
Spray on body
Fills the body with the aroma of flowers
And this essence can be preserved for many years
It can last for many years.
Isn't that in the season without flowers?
You can also smell the flowers
Princess wise
Oh princess
Don't be deceived by his rhetoric
How can the fragrance of flowers be preserved?
Or let his subordinate cut him with a knife
It is also good to give the emperor an explanation
Just because you can't doesn't mean I can't
What if I did?
Sure, let's make a bet.
If you succeed
Chop my head off
If you fail
You have to move your head
Boy, live well
Ok I bet
What is the decency of absurd gambling
Princess, this is between us men
Please do it.